Marriage | Oklahoma Historical Society
Skip to Main Content
Oklahoma Historical Society
Menu
Search Marriage Records
No matches found, please try again.
Search Tips
Try including less information
Try alternate spellings
Enter only first name or last name, or enter the first letter of a name
Search without middle names or middle initials
First Name
Last Name
Year
Order Copies
Order Online
The Research Center offers a $15 express order for marriage records in this database. To order copies by mail, use the
printable order form (PDF)
and include the information provided in the index. To order by phone, call 405-522-5225 and please have your credit card ready. Please note the OHS has no further information for Grant County marriages—all data is included in the index.
About This Database
This database includes more than 250,000 names from various sources and OHS collections.
Oklahoma County marriages, 1889–1951
This microfilm was created by the LDS Church from the original marriage records housed at the Oklahoma County courthouse in Oklahoma City. The index includes brides and grooms who applied for a marriage license in Oklahoma County. All 175 volumes have been indexed; these date from 1889–1951.
Information included varies, as marriage records changed over the years. Records consist of three parts:
the Affidavit on Application for a Marriage License
the marriage license
the certificate of marriage
Most records include the bride and groom’s names, ages, and the ceremony date; some list the birthplace or address. Records including a permission document list the parents of one or both parties. Although these records are from Oklahoma County, they include brides and grooms from across the state and country.
Western District Federal Court Records Collection marriage licenses, 1903–07
These microfilmed records include original marriage licenses, affidavits for marriage, certificates of marriage, letters of permission, and other related items. Materials date from 1903 to 1907, and there are 993 records listed in this database. The originals can be found in the Western District Federal Court Records Collection [98.34] boxes 1 and 2.
American Indian Archives, marriages 1841–1927
These records are from various Indian Agencies such as Cherokee, Choctaw, Muscogee (Creek), Kiowa, Quapaw, Sac and Fox-Shawnee, and Pawnee. Although the marriages were documented in Indian agency records, the majority are for non-Indians living in the area.
Grant County marriages, 1895–1929
This index includes marriages in Grant County, as well as marriages in Garfield County of individuals who listed residence in Grant County. Thank you to Karen Wise for sharing this information with the Oklahoma Historical Society. Please note we have no additional records for the Grant County marriages. This online index includes all of the information we have available at this time.
Marriage Records Help
Although OHS collections include some information, marriage records are held by the court clerk for the county in which the marriage took place. Divorce records are held by the court clerk for the county in which the divorce was filed.
View our Marriage Records Guide
to learn more.
Research Center
Visit
The Gateway to Oklahoma History
Genealogy
Records
Census
Territorial
Land
Marriage
Divorce
Military
Death, Funeral, and Cemetery
Books
Vertical Files
Photographs
American Indian Records
Manuscripts
Newspapers
Maps
Audio and Oral Histories
Film and Video
Contact Us
Search the Online Catalog
Oklahoma Historical Society
800 Nazih Zuhdi Drive, Oklahoma City, OK 73105
405-521-2491
Site Index
|
Contact Us
|
Privacy
|
Accessibility
|
Press Room
Get Updates in Your Inbox
Keep up to date with our weekly newsletter delivered straight to your inbox.
Subscribe Now